Journal
=======

I'd like to submit this to F1000Research as a data note.

http://f1000research.com/

Authors
=======

Jason K. Moore
Sandra K. Hnat
Antonie J. van den Bogert

Abstract
========

No longer than approximately 300 words; without references.

Introduction (optional)
=======================

Rationale for creating the dataset(s) and/or objectives for the experiment
resulting in the dataset - why the data were gathered or produced.

- System ID requires rich data
- Map human control into prosthetic control space
- Identification of control mechanisms

Materials and methods
=====================

Detailed account of the protocol used to generate the dataset:

- For standard protocols that have been published elsewhere, a brief
  description and reference is sufficient.
- Details for the source of all samples, reagents, antibodies etc.
- Details of how samples were selected; what exclusions were made, if any.
- Details of what was being measured;

For processed data, this section should include details of any software used to
process the data, including the version used, details of where the software can
be accessed, and any parameters that could impact the outcome of the results.

Please see our editorial policies for patient data, or for research involving
animals.

- Protocol description

"Raw" Data
----------

- The raw data will be defined as the data which comes out D-Flow.
- We will need software and hardware versions from the system.
- Brief description of the hardware and Motek software bundle.
- Data:

   - Marker locations in 3D space
   - Belt speed: actual and desired
   - Ground reaction loads at each foot
   - Events
   - Anatomical marker locations
   - Subject data: height, weight, age, ankle/knee widths

- Detailed description of the meta data file.
- File descriptions: mocap file, record module file, etc.

"Processed Data"
----------------

- The processed data will be the outputs of the WalkingData class in the gait
  analysis toolkit.

   - Joint angles and angular rates
   - Joint torques
   - Heelstrikes and toeoffs

- Description of GaitAnalysis Toolkit

Dataset validation (optional)
=============================

Information about any validation carried out and/or any limitations of the
datasets, including any allowances made for controlling bias or unwanted
sources of variability.

- Walker ?#9? has odd ankle joint torques

Data availability
=================

A machine-readable section which will make it possible for the citation and
provenance of the dataset(s) to be tracked; this section will be generated by
the editorial office.

Data Collection/Testing Protocol
=====================================

- Perturbation Signals

   - Simulink diagrams and MATLAB code

      - twice integrated white noise into high pass Butterworth and saturated

   - signals generated around ~8-10% standard dev. of the average speed

      - done ad hoc through coding, also done "experimentally"

- Equipment

   - Cortex 3 for motion capture (marker coordinate locations and GRF)
   - D.Flow 3.15-3.16 for VR program, treadmill manipulation, and data recording
   - Forcelink R-mill for the treadmill (+/- 0.05 meters mediolateral displacement 
     and +/- 10 degrees sagittal pitch
   - 10 Osprey cameras 
   - Data recorded (GRF, marker coordinates, belt speed, etc) at 100 Hz

- Protocol

   - describe the testing procedure for each subject and how that was handled
     with event timing in D-Flow 
   - describe briefly in words the D-Flow program and what it's doing
   - 47 marker set, maybe include diagram in supplementary material
   - harness on subject, etc.

- Compensation Techniques (maybe)

   - inertial artifacts due to platform movement

      - did not use platform movement, but implemented in code because we intended to move
        the platform 

- code stuff

   - all signals filtered at 6 Hz low-pass Butterworth filter
   - joint angles and moments calculated from 2D inverse dynamics program 
